---
title: "Nodes Administration"
description: "A node is any system connected to a mmesh subnet. You can manage the nodes using mmeshctl or the mmesh webUI."
tags:
  - admin
  - nodes
  - security
  - installation
  - metrics
---

# Nodes

A `node` is any system connected to a mmesh `subnet`.

> See [Nodes](/docs/platform/networking/nodes/) to find more information on mmesh nodes.

## Quick Start

Once you have at least one subnet created, use `mmeshctl` to generate a magic link to get a node connected to your mmesh in less than 60 seconds.

Use the command to generate as many magic links as you need to quickly add your nodes to your mmesh.

```shell
mmeshctl node add
```

<note>
The magic links generated by this command are currently only <strong>supported by Linux</strong> systems.
</note>

## Configuration

A node is automatically added to your mmesh when a system running the `mmesh-node` software client is successfully authenticated and connected to a mmesh subnet.

The `mmesh-node` software client uses a configuration file called `mmesh-node.yml` usually located at the `/etc/mmesh` directory.

See the [Node Configuration Reference](/docs/platform/reference/mmesh-node.yml/) to get information on this configuration file.

## Operations

You can manage your nodes using the mmesh webUI or the mmesh CLI.

### WebUI: Nodes

1. In the navigation menu on the left, click `Topology` to browse your tenants.
2. Select a tenant to browse its networks.
3. Select a network to browse its subnets.
4. Select a subnet to browse its nodes.

### CLI: Nodes

#### List Nodes

List all the nodes within a subnet.

```shell
mmeshctl node list
```

#### Add Node

Generate magic link to quickly setup a new node (Linux only).

```shell
mmeshctl node add
```

#### Show Node

Show node details.

```shell
mmeshctl node show
```

#### Delete Node

Remove a node from the database.

> If the `mmesh-node` client on the node machine remains installed and running, the node will appear again connected to your mmesh in short time.

This command does not perform any action on the node machine.

```shell
mmeshctl node delete
```

#### Show Node Metrics

Show node metrics.

```shell
mmeshctl node metrics
```

#### Show Node Endpoint

Show node network endpoint details.

```shell
mmeshctl node show-endpoint
```

#### Delete Node Endpoint

Delete a node endpoint from the database.

This command does not perform any action on the node machine.

```shell
mmeshctl node delete-endpoint
```

## Remote Management Features

mmesh CLI supports some functions related to the remote management of your nodes.

These features are intended to simplify the way you can do some basic tasks on your nodes, but can be disabled in the `mmesh-node.yml` file.

> See the [Node Configuration Reference](/docs/platform/reference/mmesh-node.yml/) to get more information.

The mmesh CLI commands, inspired by the ones in Kubernetes `kubectl`, are the following:

#### Exec

Execute command on target node.

```shell
mmeshctl exec
```

#### File Transfer

Transfer file and directories between nodes.

```shell
mmeshctl cp
```

#### Port-Forward

Forward local TCP port to target node.

```shell
mmeshctl port-fwd
```
